2012-04-23: renameutils 0.12.0 released.
  Added `ls' variable and option to specify path of list program
  (suggested by Michael Williams).
  Fix bug with -d option, resulting in "skipping directory argument"
  error (reported by Stroller).
  Link with $(INTLLIBS) to fix Cygwin compilation (patch from Christian
  Franke).
  Fix minor Makefile nit - use $(DESTDIR) (see Gentoo bug #215954).
  Fix Readline history detection problem.
  Updated Gnulib.
  Add note that GNU Coreutils ls is requred (from Michael Williams).

2011-08-18: renameutils 0.11.0 released.
  Added a note about Solaris packages of renameutils on the web page
  (thanks to Steve Christensen).
  Updated French translation from Manuel Pegourie-Gonnard, thanks.
  Applied manpage typo patch from David Sastre, thanks.
  Fix a crash on exit with circular renames (reported by various people).
  Fix bug when a directory would be specified along with files on the
  command line (reported by Axel Beckert through Francois Marier, Debian
  bug #600411).

2008-09-21: renameutils 0.10.0 released.
  Change license to GPL v3.
  Added "import" command, suggested by Lou Afonso.
  Added "--command" option to specify command to use when renaming/copying
  files with qcmd, suggested by Nick Pope and Ulrich Dangel.
  Applied manual page lintian warning patch from Francois Marier.

2007-12-04: renameutils 0.9.0 released.
  Clean debian files in distclean-local, not clean-local.
  Do not remove debian/compat in distclean-local.
  Detect mv and cp options properly for icmd.
  Fix handling of trailing slashes in icmd (reported by Francois Marier).
  Use AC_SYS_LARGEFILE to fix renaming problems with large files (Debian
  bug report).
  Use program_name, not program_invocation_name for improved portability
  (bug reported by Andreas Eriksson).
  Various build and compatibility (Gnulib) fixes.
  Change icmd behavior when multiple arguments are specified - add option
  "--pass-though".
  Miscellaneous icmd improvements. Merge imv and icp manual page.
  Fix `plan' command crash and other crashes, reported by Mike Frysinger.
  Updated French and Swedish translations.

2005-08-23: renameutils 0.8.1 released.
  Now with complete French translation.

2005-08-23: renameutils 0.8.0 released.
  Removed debugging statements rendering imv and icp unusable (oops!)
  (reported by Francois Marier).
  Use mv(1) to perform the actual rename. Fixes Debian bug 316113
  (http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=316113). (Reported by
  Daniel Hulme through Francois Marier.)
  Improved some messages and error messages.
  Change order of inclusion of readline headers, fixing complation problem
  on some distributions (patch from Brian Hall).
  Added --command and --arg-options option to icmd (icp and imv).

2005-08-16: web site updated.
  Add some missing entries to this history.

2005-08-16: renameutils 0.7.0 released
  Added Swedish translation.
  Added French translation (from Francois Marier).
  The executables in the RPM packages now links with ncurses to prevent
  problems on Red Hat and Fedora systems.
  Handle POSIXLY_CORRECT in imv (fixes rename bug) (from Brian Hall).
  Change imv to pass command line through to mv if at least two file names
  are specified (or --target-directory option for mv) (suggested by
  Francois Marier).
  imv now checks if the source file exists prior to asking for destination
  name (suggested by Francois Marier).
  imv now detects and handles options requiring arguments for mv.
  imv now trims the edited file name. This means that the destination file
  name cannot have leading or trailing white space.
  Merge code base for imv and icp into icmd.
  Got rid of year ranges as recommended by the FSF.
  Improve the manual pages a little.
  Add Gnulib modules quote, dirname. Remove stat as it no longer exists in
  Gnulib.
  Fixed some typos in messages of the program.

2005-06-28: web site updated.
  Update description in README and web page.

2005-06-28: renameutils 0.6.0 released.
  Added new programs, icp and qcp (suggested by Mario Vanoni).
  Quote file names and strings before printing them (like GNU coreutils).
  Make use of more gnulib modules (quotearg, yesno, version-etc).
  Fixed a serious memory management-related bug in imv causing renaming to
  fail for no reason.
  Fixed a potential segmentation fault when printing a particular error
  message.
  Added copyright and license header to source files and manual pages.
  Manual page updates:
    Added manual page for deurlname.
    Corrected grammar.
    Removed section in imv about placing it in the Midnight Commander menu.
  Gettext is now external (no intl directory).
  Use Gnulib properly (modules.gnulib and autogen.sh removed).
  Added debian package.
  Added MANIFEST.sources file.
  Fix potential bug in cross-reference solution code.
  Added documentation for qcmd --help from Stephen Kolupaev, thanks.

2004-09-17: renameutils 0.5.1 released.
  Clarified README about requirements.
  Include Makefile.am.head in lib and m4 directories in distribution
  tarball.
  Minor clean ups to the autogen.sh, Makefile.am and configure.ac files.
  Now compiles with --disable-nls as well:
    Don't include (<gettext.h is enough).
    Include <locale.h> where setlocale is used.
  Check that locale was set correctly.

2004-08-26: renameutils 0.5.0 released.
  Added deurlname - a program to remove URL-escaped character sequences
  from filenames (such as %20 for space).
  Internationalized renameutils - added support for gettext.
  Removed debian support since renameutils has been in the official Debian
  archives for quite some time.
  Removed show-control-chars variable and option (automaticly assumed since
  we are using gettext).
  Fixed a bug in dual-column editformat that would cause a segfault when
  renaming files with trailing space in their names (reported by Chris
  Jantzen).
  Fixed a bug in qmv that made it impossible to rename files larger than
  2GB (reported by Chris Gentle).
  Corrected makefiles to allow for creation of staticly linked executables.
  renameutils now requires a C89-compatible compiler and C library.
  Modules from gnulib are used to improve compatibility.

2002-08-07: renameutils 0.4.0 released.
  Enable autowidth for dual-column by default, for real this time.
  Fixed "Illegal instruction" crash with '-fdc -oseparate'.
  Added more checks for headers and functions to the configure script.

2002-01-15: renameutils 0.3.0 released.
  Added new option `autowidth' to the dual-column edit format, which is
  enabled by default.
  Handle case when the edited file can't be read correctly (for whatever
  reason).
  Fixed bug in imv that made it impossible to overwrite files.
  Now compiles with more error checking (compile with -Wall).
  Fixed some compilation errors.
  Added files for making an RPM package of renameutils.

2001-10-25: renameutils 0.2.0 released.
  Added manual pages for qmv and imv.
  Added files for making a renameutils Debian package.
  The author has changed email-address to oskar@osk.mine.nu.

2001-08-14: renameutils 0.1.2 released.
  Made it possible to compile with readline 4.1 as well as 4.2.
  Added note in README about requirements.

2001-08-13: renameutils 0.1.1 released.
  Fixed a subtle bug regarding order of #includes that would cause build to
  fail in some occasions.

2001-08-13: renameutils 0.1.0 released.
  First public release.
